Docs: Translating.rst reworked and line-shifted (#7007)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/user/translating.rst

Translating using Weblate
=========================

Projects either accept translations directly,

> or when a number of votes is reached.

Reviewer: Suggestions can be used with voting, but it is not the only use case, thus it can’t be described like this.

Having navigated to a component, a set of links lead to its actual translation.
The translation is further divided into individual checks, like
:guilabel:`Not translated strings` or :guilabel:`Strings needing action`.

> If the whole project is translated, without error, :guilabel:`All strings` is still available.

Author: ```suggestion
If the whole project is translated without any errors, :guilabel:`All strings` is still available.
```
This actually meant the label is always available when a project is translated, as opposed to some of the time.

    Actual permissions might vary depending on your Weblate configuration.

Anonymous users can only (by default) forward suggestions.

> Doing so is still available to signed-in users, in cases where uncertainty

Author: ```suggestion
Doing so is still available for signed-in users, in cases where uncertainty
```
